profile/README.md, before:

# 🌌 New Horizons Project

_The New Way of Storing Knowledge_

## 📝 Credits

### 🔧 Backend Development

| Role                    | Contributor |
|-------------------------|-------------|
| Lead Fullstack Developer  | [@at-elcapitan](https://github.com/at-elcapitan) |
| Backend Developer       | [@phantom42-web](https://github.com/phantom42-web) |

### 🖵 Frontend Development

| Role                    | Contributor |
|-------------------------|-------------|
| Lead Fullstack Developer | [@at-elcapitan](https://github.com/at-elcapitan) |

### 🖌️ User Interface & Design

| Role                    | Contributor |
|-------------------------|-------------|
| UI/UX Designer          | [@at-elcapitan](https://github.com/at-elcapitan) |
| Animator                | [Sio](https://t.me/adoedit) _(Telegram)_ |
| Designer                | [nartina](https://www.instagram.com/nar_tinaa) _(Instagram)_ |

### 🌍 Localization

| Language                | Contributor |
|-------------------------|-------------|
| Қазақша, 日本語          | [Miy](https://youtube.com/@miyqxs) |
| Українська              | [@at-elcapitan](https://github.com/at-elcapitan) |
| 日本語, Русский          | [BobrDobr](https://www.youtube.com/@bobrdobr21) |

### 👤 Human Resource

| Role                    | Contributor |
|-------------------------|-------------|
| People Partner          | [Sever](https://www.instagram.com/sever_sw) _(Instagram)_ |
| People Partner          | [Sui](https://t.me/suiemokenp) _(Telegram)_ |

### 📂 Project Management

| Role                    | Contributor |
|-------------------------|-------------|
| Creative Director/Project Manager | [@at-elcapitan](https://github.com/at-elcapitan) |

## ⭐ Special Thanks

| Contributor   | Contribution | Link |
|---------------|--------------|------|
| **UAdo**      | For helping with finding people | [Telegram](https://t.me/adofanua) |
| **Ado Updates** | For helping with finding people | [Telegram](https://t.me/adoupdates) |

Commit message:

Update contributor roles and project acknowledgments

profile/README.md, after:

# 🌌 New Horizons Project

_The New Way of Storing Knowledge_

## 📝 Credits

### 🔧 Backend Development

| Role                    | Contributor |
|-------------------------|-------------|
| Lead Fullstack Developer  | [@at-elcapitan](https://github.com/at-elcapitan) |
| Backend Developer       | [@phantom42-web](https://github.com/phantom42-web) |

### 🖵 Frontend Development

| Role                    | Contributor |
|-------------------------|-------------|
| Lead Fullstack Developer | [@at-elcapitan](https://github.com/at-elcapitan) |

### 🖌️ User Interface & Design

| Role                    | Contributor |
|-------------------------|-------------|
| UI/UX Designer          | [@at-elcapitan](https://github.com/at-elcapitan) |
| Animator                | [Sio](https://t.me/adoedit) _(Telegram)_ |

### 🌍 Localization

| Language                | Contributor |
|-------------------------|-------------|
| Қазақша, 日本語          | [Miy](https://youtube.com/@miyqxs) |
| Українська              | [@at-elcapitan](https://github.com/at-elcapitan) |
| 日本語, Русский          | [BobrDobr](https://www.youtube.com/@bobrdobr21) |

### 👤 Human Resource

| Role                    | Contributor |
|-------------------------|-------------|
| People Partner          | [Sui](https://t.me/suiemokenp) _(Telegram)_ |

### 📂 Project Management

| Role                    | Contributor |
|-------------------------|-------------|
| Creative Director/Project Manager | [@at-elcapitan](https://github.com/at-elcapitan) |

## ⭐ Our Partners

| Contributor   | Contribution | Link |
|---------------|--------------|------|
| **DokiDoki Himasa**| For participation in the project |  |
| **Ado Updates** | For helping with finding people | [Telegram](https://t.me/adoupdates) |
